Add known issue for orphaned status blocking upgrades (#1566)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/release-notes/release-notes-8.16.asciidoc

Review important information about the {fleet} and {agent} 8.16.2 release.

[discrete]
[[known-issues-8.16.2]]
=== Known Issues

[discrete]
[[known-issue-6213-8-16-2]]
.An {agent} with the Defend integration may report an Orphaned status and will not be able to be issued an upgrade action through {fleet}.
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
A known issue in the {agent} may prevent it from being targetted with an upgrade action for a future release.
This may occur if the Defend integration is used and the agent is stopped on a running instance for too long.
An agent may be stopped as part of an upgrade process.

*Impact* +
A bug fix is present in the 8.16.3 and 8.17.1 releases of {fleet} that will prevent this from occuring.

> If you have agents that are effected, the work around is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have agents that are affected, the workaround is as follows:
```

Review important information about the {fleet} and {agent} 8.16.1 release.

[discrete]
[[known-issues-8.16.1]]
=== Known Issues

[discrete]
[[known-issue-6213-8-16-1]]
.An {agent} with the Defend integration may report an Orphaned status and will not be able to be issued an upgrade action through {fleet}.
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
A known issue in the {agent} may prevent it from being targetted with an upgrade action for a future release.
This may occur if the Defend integration is used and the agent is stopped on a running instance for too long.
An agent may be stopped as part of an upgrade process.

*Impact* +
A bug fix is present in the 8.16.3 and 8.17.1 releases of the {fleet} that will prevent this from occuring.

> If you have agents that are effected, the work around is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have agents that are affected, the workaround is as follows:
```

====

[discrete]
[[known-issue-6213-8-16-0]]
.An {agent} with the Defend integration may report an Orphaned status and will not be able to be issued an upgrade action through {fleet}.
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
A known issue in the {agent} may prevent it from being targetted with an upgrade action for a future release.
This may occur if the Defend integration is used and the agent is stopped on a running instance for too long.
An agent may be stopped as part of an upgrade process.

*Impact* +
A bug fix is present in the 8.16.3 and 8.17.1 releases of {fleet} that will prevent this from occuring.

> If you have agents that are effected, the work around is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have agents that are affected, the workaround is as follows:
```
